feat: enable extending user tsconfig (#8237)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/warm-pumas-pull.md

---

> '@sveltejs/kit': patch
> ---
> 
> Allow sveltekit tsconfig to be extended by adding extends option to svelte config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@sveltejs/kit': minor
---

feat: allow SvelteKit tsconfig to be extended by adding extends option to svelte config
```
